[Music]
six child behavior issues that are the
parents fault they may try to convince
others that your child is the most
well-mannered little person in the world
but if you make mistakes on their
upbringing
they'll be noticeable in certain
situations does your child trouble
others as he or she always forget to say
thank you
is your kid telling family secrets to
strangers then you should understand
that the problem is not with your child
you should change your attitude first
let's have a look at how to deal with
all of the most common child behavior
issues efficiently situation number six
a habit of interrupting others do your
kids often interrupt you well then you
should know that saying don't interrupt
never works also never yell at your
child and never punish them for
interrupting others teach your child to
wait for their turn in conversation
every day and at home while having a
family dinner
or talking on the phone with your
colleagues or friends for instance
before calling anyone tell your child
I'm going to talk on the phone now and
I'm not to be interrupted I'll finish
talking when the long hand on the clock
reaches that number we guarantee you
after some time your kid will learn how
to wait their turn situation number five
your child touches goods at a store or
insists on buying them so it's important
for your child to learn to keep their
wishes at bay they should learn to
understand it you can't purchase
everything in a store and you don't need
to the problem is they think that you're
picking things at a store without any
system they don't even understand you
have a list of goods to buy so first be
prepared for going shopping you can make
a list of goods together with your kid
and even draw pictures if your child
can't read yet
let your child be in charge of this
paper watching that you're following the
list your kid will thank you for being
involved in the shopping game situation
number four your child doesn't say
polite words the earlier you start
teaching your child politeness the
better
however some kids understand it quickly
while others don't get it the first time
show your child the magic of polite
words don't do anything they ask until
they say please does your child want to
watch cartoons then first he or she
should say please turn the TV on no more
TV TV or mom turn it on also say hello
bye and thank you first without waiting
for your child to remember always be a
great example to your kid in this case
don't copy you and learn how to be
polite with others situation number
three your child that doesn't know when
to stop
[Music]
you talk at home about some issues and
work and the next day you see how your
child repeats everything he or she heard
from you to a neighbor in an elevator
it's not ever happened to you well a
child finds it hard to understand that
there's information you shouldn't share
with others they don't know shame or
embarrassment and they have no
experience of the backlash of wrong
words sent at the wrong time parents on
the other hand may well suffer from
those so try to introduce the concept of
a home secret meaning all the things you
and your kids shouldn't tell other
people situation number two your child
is afraid of leaving your son a child
grows too scared of leaving their
parents side when the parents put
barriers between them and usual
activities there's a setting in their
head if I ride down the slide I'm going
to fall or tear my clothes etc that's
why when a parent in a good mood
suddenly allows the child to go to the
playground freely the kid will probably
choose not to risk their life for a
momentary pleasure what should you do to
change the situation just give your
child more freedom and teach them to
make decisions on their own situation
number one your kid troubles other
adults if a child can easily start a
conversation with an unfamiliar person
that's a sign of trust and the family
however it may also mean the child
doesn't know adults may have other
interests an illustrative example is
when parents can't do what they want or
need to because they try to spend all
their time with their little ones it's
no surprise that a child can't imagine
other people wanting anything else other
than what the child wants do you know
other parenting mistakes that all of us
should avoid share them in the comments
below and don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
you
[Music]